# Hospital-Management-System
The system is designed to deal with the daily operations, appointments and all the hospital activities. The system is flexible and easy to use for all the users whose are the doctors, nurses, managers, accountant, and the patients. System developed to deliver the real benefits to the hospital. The system is designed to improve the interaction between the patients and the hospital to make it easier. The system includes registration of the patients who can make an appointment with chosen doctors also can delete or update their appointments, book rooms for their operations and can pay the fees online. Our system is unique it gives every patient an id and stores the information about each patient that can checked by patients or doctors. The system sends notifications to the patients when their appointments are confirmed and send the reminders for the patients to not forget their appointments. Also, the system includes the staff that are divided into doctors, nurses, pharmacists, accountants, and managers. Doctors can check then confirm the appointments of patients and operations also, modify the appointments by update or cancel it. After doctors check the patient’s health, they give the prescription for them. Nurses after monitoring the patient’s condition, they give the patient’s health feedback to the doctors. For the managers, they can add or modify doctors and nurses. The accountant creates the receipts for the patients and makes the payment refund. There are pharmacists that can add the medicines also can modify it. The hospital management system helps to improve the management and the quality of work in the hospital.
